Add more information in README.md (#29)
rsksmart/rskswap-ui: README.md

# rskswap-ui
Project for Swaping RBTC to rWBTC independently from the claim (and the other way round too) 

## Architecture Diagram

> ![Architecture Diagram](architecture-diagram.png)

Reviewer: For the architecture diagram, use the generic rLogin logo instead of metamask. We support not only metamask but all the wallets supported by rLogin

## Use Cases

### Swap WBTC to rBTC 

> This use case allows a user that has crossed WBTC/BTCB from multichain.org onto RSK (rWE to swap those tokens for RBTC, using a relayer that provides with the necessary liquidity an paid with the btc-pegged asset. The flow is described as in the following sequence diagram

Reviewer: it's not only WBTC/BTCB but ANY token pegged to WBTC pool in multichain.org

> 

Reviewer: To be completely honest, I'd just put a simplified version of the sequence diagram, or directly the sequence diagram. The current architecture-diagram.png doesn't add too much value to the understanding of how it works.

> This use case allows a user that has crossed any token pegged to WBTC pool in multichain.org onto RSK (rWE to swap those tokens for RBTC, using a relayer that provides with the necessary liquidity an paid with the btc-pegged asset. The flow is described as in the following sequence diagram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This use case allows a user that has crossed any token pegged to WBTC pool in multichain.org onto RSK to swap those tokens for RBTC, using a relayer that provides with the necessary liquidity and uses the Swap contract to swap those pegged assets for RBTC and recover the RBTC they sent to the user. The flow is described as in the following sequence diagram.
```
